hello my amazing subscribers and welcome
newcomers I am carnage the Creator today
have some great news for you guys that
is what you guys have all been waiting
for and that is the release date for
Minecraft Xbox one edition and
PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita now
we don't have a confirmed date for the
PlayStation 4 and the PlayStation Vita
however if they are going to come out on
the same day as the xbox one this
confirms them all because this is going
to be the official minecraft xbox one
release date and that is August
nineteenth 2014 we know this courtesy of
gamestop actually updating their website
that says pre-order this item will be
available to download on 819 2014 9 a.m.
central standard time and the icing on
the cake for this is if you go into a
gamestop store right now and you ask for
one of those little flyers that shows
all the games that are coming out this
month you can actually get a flyer that
has 8 19 2014 as the release date for
minecraft xbox one edition so it's clear
that Microsoft has given them the green
light to share this date as this is
going to be the official release date
for minecraft xbox one edition now
there's always the possibility that it
could get delayed however i'm thinking
the fact that gamestop has announced
this publicly as big of a corporation as
gamestop is and the fact that they're
actually handing out flyers with this
date on there in the actual stores it's
a very safe bet to say it will be coming
out on 819 2014 and again we don't have
official information on minecraft
playstation 4 or playstation vita but if
they are all coming out at the same time
which i think they should then you will
be seeing those versions of Minecraft at
the exact same time anyways I've a
carnage the Creator let me know what you
guys think about this down in the
comments section below catch you guys in
the next video and I'm out just a
movement
all